During an impromptu implementation call, Michael Rochin asked for an action plan based on Mike Gandia’s awesome presentation today on Process Driven Publishing. I thought I would put this in the group if anyone else wants to chime in and add steps.
 
Sam Park and Bishal Kutawal have both published other people’s offers in the past, so if you two want to add anything, please do. And Kai Ravaviere also had a successful publishing venture in the past, so add anything you like.
 
And Alen, obviously, we would love any golden nuggets you want to add. Please tell Mike thanks for the awesome call!
 
1)    Check out the books PITCH ANYTHING and FLIP THE SCRIPT by Oren Klaff if you’re nervous about pitching prospects.
2)    Look at Udemy and YouTube for potential ‘gurus’ to approach. Mike said Instagram could work, he just hasn’t gotten it to yet. Even small niches can be great. Mike got to 7 figures with a dog-training offer.
3)    Ideally you want someone who seems to know a lot about their subject matter and is good on camera but who appears to be REALLY bad at marketing. And it would be really, really good if they already have a big-ticket item like coaching or a recurring item like a paid Facebook coaching group. I guess also look at any pre-existing material they have that could be repurposed for the front-end product (a book or course), upsells, and bonuses. And if they have a way to sign up for an email list, that’s a good sign.
4)    Mike suggested looking at the guru’s number of students on Udemy and their social media accounts… but he said that early on, be somewhat liberal with your criteria for approaching a guru. There are things you just won’t know until you get on a Zoom call with them, like the size of their email lists (if they have one). Mike said his first client/guru revealed he had a list of 30K on their call. An email list makes it a LOT easier to make money right out of the gate, and also to optimize the offer for when you eventually take it out on cold traffic. (Before you sell anything to the email list, you’ll want to do an ‘Ask Campaign’ to see how responsive the list is, and the answers they give you can help you with pain points and crafting the offer.)
5)    When you find a guru you think might work, reach out with an email. Mike suggested making a custom Loom video that shows you’ve looked in detail at their site/channel etc. and are familiar with what they offer. When you really start emailing a lot of gurus, A-level prospects will get a custom Loom video, and B-level prospects will get a generic video that’s tricked out to look custom. In the beginning, go custom with everybody.
6)    Tell them what you want to do – promote them so that they can sell more of their big-ticket items. (I’m not sure when you get to the actual economics of the offer – probably save that for the Zoom call.)
7)    For Michael Rochin in particular: bring up all the awesome work you’ve done with people like Scott. If you say, “Yeah, I work on the marketing for Scott Phillips, a guy who makes $3 million a month selling stock trading and crypto programs,” people will sit up and take notice. As Phillip Gonzalez noted, if people know that other people trust YOU to help them make a lot of money, it really doesn’t matter what the other offers are. You’re a dude who makes people lots of money. (And it helps when your potential guru knows next to nothing about marketing – which is, ideally, who you’re going after.)
8)    One of the biggest selling points you can offer is, “I’ll handle all the costs. I’ll build a self-liquidating offer on the front end to get more people to sign up for your list and buy your big ticket item. You will pay nothing – I’ll take all the financial risks. I need the front end sales to cover my costs like all the ads. We’ll split the profits on the big ticket items (or backend recurring). I’ll even get a sales team to make the sales for you.” If you follow Mike’s example, make the funnel a ‘black box’ whose inner workings you don’t reveal to the guru and keep the profits from the front end (including Upsell 1 and Upsell 2). The split on the high ticket will be 20/40/40 – 20% for the sales team, 40% for the guru, and 40% for you.
9)    Every guru has something they really, really care about. For some people, it’s not the money – it’s something like how many people they have in their membership site. Find out what that is for your prospect during the Zoom call and lean on that to help convince them.
10) Be wary of red flags. If a person seems like a slacker who won’t deliver the video materials you’ll need, or they’re combative or difficult, cut bait and run.
11) Mike’s numbers: out of every 100 people you reach out to, maybe 10 will respond… and 3 will go to Zoom calls. If they show up for the Zoom call, they’re probably very interested in working with you. Then it’s a matter of figuring out if YOU want to work with THEM – if they’re a good fit for YOU.
12) The guru will be responsible for creating the front-end product, upsells, and bonuses. If they need help, be prepared to help them.
13) Obviously, ask Alen what he thinks a good offer / Upsell 1 / Upsell 2 for that market would be during a Tuesday hot seat once you have more info from the guru.
14) At some point familiarize yourself with Alen’s templates he used for Automatic Clients. From what I understood, Mike Gandia used them exclusively when he started out – and probably leans on them heavily now. The templates can sell anything, they’re simple to put up – they’re basically a component of the process that are incredibly plug-and-play. Just slot in a guru and their materials, tweak, and go.
 
There was a WHOLE lot more, but that should get you started.