NHB+ Conceptual God Model


Mindset


1. The idea of control
2. What makes you feel really good are two things, permission and control
3. How does the mind know that it’s in control of something?
   1. When you can stop something
      1. What is that something?
         1. Your response to it
   2. If you look at CNN, Fox News, etc…
      1. Their constant undertone of message is “you can’t stop it”
         1. “You can’t do anything about it”:
         2. Well, who can? The government, this or that administration, etc…
4. You can’t control your weight? Can you control what you eat? Yes, then you can.
5. YOu can’t control smoking? Well, can you stop smoking? No, ok can you stop smoking for 3 hours? Oh, you do it all the time? I guess you can.
6. “I have to” implies “I have no control”
   1. I have to work this job
   2. I have to work for this client
   3. I have to do this
   4. I have to live here
   5. I have to think this
   6. Etc…
7. If you can stop, then you don’t have to.
8. If you had to, then you couldn’t stop.
9. So what exactly do you have to?
10. Nothing
11. That means, you’re in full control over everything.
12. The way you know you’re in control is if you can STOP.


Part 2 - maximum money exercise


Maximum Money Exercise - How to tell how much money you're capable of making and how expand your mind to earn 1,000x more
You know one thing that determines how much money you make is directly linked to what you believe you can make...
...Not the sort-of-kinda thing where you go "gee I can make a billion dollars", of course in theory, you can...
...But if your conscious mind goes "I want to make a million dollars" and then your subconscious mind disagrees with it, there's no way you'll make a million bucks, and by chance that you do, you'll quickly lose it and not be able to keep it.
There's a very simple process for determine what your outer bound limits of how much money you can make, and here it is:
Just simply state the following to yourself, in your own mind, until you hear a voice coming back to you that disagrees with you.ever
The disagreement will be to the likeness of "no you don't" , "you can't", "bullshit", or any type of thing that basically just says "stop lying to yourself".
So say the following and keep increasing it, and feel free to change it to per day, per month, per year, whatever YOUR goal is.
"I can make $10,000 / month"
"I can make $20,000 / month"
"I can make $30,000 / month"
"I can make $40,000 / month"
"I can make $50,000 / month"
"I can make $100,000 / month"
"I can make $250,000 / month"
"I can make $500,000 / month"
"I can make $1,000,000 / month"
Now, note down at what point the voice came back to you.
That is your outer most LIMIT of how much you can make, and you'll generally be at about 10% of that limit, everyone who I personally mentor and work with and use this exercise on is about the 10% mark.
So if the voice comes back at $250k / month = bullshit, typically the of thumb is that person will generally be at about $15k-$25k / month in income.
NOW, that you know that, it's time to EXPAND this thinking and break free from it.
So if you're stuck at that point, whatever it may be, and I ask of you, say you live to be 50 years old? could you make that much? say you live to be 75 years old, could you make that much?, what if you live to be 100 years old, could you live that much?
Depending on how old you are, you want to go up from there.
Pay attention to how EASY it becomes to say yes and how the voice that once said NO, is now saying YES…


Now, it's time to expand it even more, and then I ask of you to 10x or 100x or even 1,000x your limit, so if you're at $250k / month, lets have you at $2.5m a month, or $25m a month or 250m a month, and to do that we have to go deep, deep in time.
So, if you could live to be 250 years old, could you make $25m a month? what if you could live to be 500 years old? what if you could live to be 1,000 years old, could you make $250 million per month?
Once you stretch the mind this far out, you'll see that anything is possible.
And now, the process to bring you back down to earth and make it all possible for you TODAY...
...Who were you at 250 years old that you're not today? What's the difference?
I did this exercise with Josh Gavin yesterday on a FF call, and he said that he had more experience, so my advice to him was to read autobiographies (experience), and seek experience from other people who are very experienced) and that is his path learning.
Whatever the difference is, that's your missing link, and the reason your subconscious came back to you in the first place and said "bullshit".
Once you go through this, you'll start to have a very different perspective on money.
I can tell you that to me, now making $1,000 is equivalent to what it used to be to make $1 once upon a time in my life, it's that powerful.
To your success my friends and I'm going to start sharing some incredible mind bending techniques to help you grow that you've never seen anywhere else.
I've been doing these mind expansion exercises on every call in NHB+ for over a year now, and I think it's time for me to start sharing them with everyone.
- Alen
p.s. In the comment box, curious, let me know what your limits were and what did you expand to.


How To Reach Market Conceptual God Model


Every niche, market, society, etc…needs and has two things.


1. Gods
2. Heroes


If you study history what you’ll notice is that human history has a pattern, and that pattern is that we always have Gods and Heroes.


 Default human organization model.


We create them, discover them or bring them in from somewhere else.


As far as I know, there is no atheistic society in history.


This concept emerges in smaller levels, smaller units of organization.


All existence, world, countries, states, cities, niches, markets, industries, etc…


All existence = almighty God


World = America the hero


Country = George Washginton, etc…


States - in California, Apple


Cities - who’s city hero


NIches and markets, Heroes emerge in niches and markets and industries


Music industry: Jay-Z, Taylor Swift, etc…


Movie industry: Quentin Terretnino, etc…


Fitness niche: David Goggins, Greg O'Gallagher, 


Health niche: Dr. Berg


Finance: Dave Ramsy, Ray Dailo


Tech heroes: Elon Musk


Rite of passage: Andrew Tate


Heroes compete / fight with each other and we watch them and worship them 


We love to see hero’s fight


What ends up happening in our minds is that we tend to conflate Gods and Heroes, and at some point, we stop looking at them as heroes and instead we start looking at them as Gods.


When this switch over takes place, the hero becomes so dominant, that OTHER hero’s can’t challenge them any more, and thus they are elevated to God status.


“no one else can do what they can do, hence conceptual Gods”


Shortly after they become VERY delusional and then you can see their downfall, because they don’t see their own flaws.


A lot of gurus these days are in the delusional state, because they think they are conceptual gods.


Humans always need safety and security -> because this guarantees our survival, reproduction and then status.


So much so that we’ve invented concepts to provide this for us.


The mind is a concept making machine 1st and foremost, THEN secondly a meaning making machine.


We create the concept of laws, rules, Gods, hero’s, acceptable behavior, morals, ethics, etc…


This mechanism of the psychological need to have security drives us.


We’ve created governments, police, hospitals, laws, social orders, shelters, homes, investments, etc…


All of the things that we have in society as humanity have to have a reason to exist and to fulfill some deep function within us to function as a society.


We also throughout history have created religions as concepts and God as a concept.


India alone has over 2,000 Gods.


So this translates into us creating other versions of Gods, they’re known as celebrities, politicians, kings, gurus, influencers, experts, prophets, etc…


All of these give us security and safety which gives us stability.


Every society that was stable had these concepts created.


Whatever program you run, your customers / clients look at you as a Hero or a conceptual God.


Be it consulting, coaching, masterminds, recurring, whatever…


Now, their secret hope and dream is to be just like you one day.


If you’re a dating guru, and you’re amazing at it…they also want to be just like you, they also want to come to the level of a conceptual God.


They want to ASCEND, they go up somewhere, to something, and this is the level they go up to.


You have this flock, this group of people, and your job is to help them.


One of the things that most of you guys do in info marketing is that  you try to bring your customers up to the level of conceptual Gods.


You try to get them up to the top of Mt. Olympus, and as you do that…you have to help them carry the weight of limitations, limiting beliefs, lack of resources, lack of capability, etc…


By the way, when the Heroes and Gods start doing things that we can’t explain, they are called MIRACLES.


Ppl think Tate performs Miracles, cuz they can’t explain where the money came from.


One of the things that most of you guys do in info marketing is that  you try to bring your customers up to the level of conceptual Gods.


This is extremely difficult, and oftentimes results in failure. 


You can have 10,000 people in front of you, and you’ll ONLY be able to bring up 5.


This is why MOST of these types of programs tend to have “favorites”.


This is why direct response customers do not last a long time


The more you try to bring them up, the more comparison they exert against these other conceptual Gods and then out of this the imposter syndrome is created.


I don’t have what he has
I haven’t done what he’s done
I don’t have the money she has
I don’t have the audience


Imposter = fake = counterfeit


So we focus a lot on what we don't have, the lack or difference is what keeps us safe.


For example, if we see a bush of 10 different berries, the ones we don’t eat keep us alive cuz they could be poisonous.


I don’t try to bring people up to the level of conceptual Gods.


Instead if you can’t bring them up to be conceptual Gods.


Bring down the conceptual Gods to be like them.


Every week I show you how the marketing miracles are performed so you can do it too.


Remove the powers that conceptual Gods have, and give them to man.


That’s how we give power back to men and women.


Hormozi got lucky with Cross fit.


Becker got lucky with webinars.


Biz op gurus only sell biz op shit, never sold anything else.


These other gurus, if you remove biz-op or high ticket, they have nothing. Zero skills.


The supplement copywriters…they can’t sell shit without lying or scaring people through horror stories.


A man will feel safe, and powerful, because as the conceptual Gods, they have it too.


If you can talk about the conceptual God, criticize conceptual Gods and bring them down - then you are in itself a conceptual God, but a good conceptual God for your people.


That is how you achieve conceptual God mode in your market.


A lot of historic battles were battles against conceptual Gods.


So if you try to lift up your audience to be like them, there is too much evidence against them. And as time goes on, this evidence increases.


At the rate you try to bring them up, the conceptual Gods increase in status at a faster rate, you can’t catch up.


In order to believe in the conceptual God, they have to believe in themselves


If you bring them down to the level of man…


…The  man once again has hope because now he wakes up and sees that they’re just like him, and that he can do what they did and now he feels good, powerful, prideful and motivated to go forth and conquer.


All products…are products that sell hope in a better future.


This is how you inject massive amounts of hope into people and empower them.