NHB+






Product centric -> after they bring in.


Mindset


* I’ve done a lot of work and research on the subconscious mind
* How does it work, what is it, etc…
* The most interesting thing about the subconscious mind is that no one ever asks “where is it?”
   * Because we can’t find it
   * Could it be - the subconscious mind is the reality we live in
   * The biggest thing in occult is “hidden in plain sight”
   * This theory explains everything
* What images come to mind and go deep in the subconscious mind is what makes reality shape.
* In that sense what’s under the subconscious is this reality.
* So we have 
   * Awareness
   * Conscious mind
      * Awareness is the narrowing of consciousness
         * Attention is the narrowing of awareness
            * Focus is the narrowing of attention        
               * Intention is the narrowing of focus
                  * Action is the narrowing of intention
                     * Manifestation is the narrowing of action
   * The drop of seed from the conscious to the subconscious mind only goes THRU when it is 100% TRUE. In order for something to be 100% TRUE, it can not have any OBJECTIONS or OPPOSITES.
      * SATAN / SHAYTAN = The great opposer 
         * Opposite = fear
            * A thought that is TRUE can not have FEAR to go into the subconscious, then it manifests as reality.
   * Subconscious mind
   * Reality
   * Awareness
* What prevents the DROP from creating reality?        
   * FEAR
* Deep fear process, how to remove deep fear


Making millions of dollars isn’t hard. What’s hard is removing the fears that prevent you from doing it.


Fears. Not fear. There are many.


Mostly no one is better than you 


They just have less fear than you 


And as they have less fear they can get better while fear paralyzes you .


We are conditioned to be afraid.


By being taught consequences.


If you do that then bad will happen 


Then as we grow older we are taught rewards which are consequences in reverse.


If you do that then good will happen but which tells the subconscious that if we don’t do that than bad will happen (absence of good)


And then we are taught laws (or better yet opinions) if you do that you will be punished.


So we are taught to behave via direct and indirect and via expected and unexpected punishment.


Deep Fear Removal Process 


Why are you afraid of getting what you want?


The acquisition of anything requires a change towards it.


We must become the person who can have it. Who’s allowed to have it. Who’s given permission to have it. Who has courage to have it. Who feels they deserve it.


Yet…


Where does this come from? Who gives us permission etc?


Better yet…who and what stops if from having it?

And that’s deep fear. 


The deeper the fear stronger the fear.


I can sense and see fear in people now just through conversation and I’ll tell you guys - it’s everywhere.


The mind creates beliefs using if / then structure and process


It’s a process and a structure at the same time.


Process because it’s how it creates it and structure in how it holds itself up.


As long as the “if / then” structure is true then it will hold itself up and create a form in your mind.


The form it creates is a belief.


A belief vibrates.


Vibrations give off emotions and feelings. Love, fear, etc…


There is a reason it’s called “string theory”.


knowing this, we can alter it and change the vibrations.


We can’t see these vibrations directly, however we can easily see them indirectly as “reflections”.


You can’t see wind but you can see how it vibrates water.


You can’t see sound but you can see how it vibrates off of things.


You can’t see “heat” but you can feel how it vibrates off of your skin.


And as such we can see how it vibrates out to create our conditions and limitations.


People that vibrate alike tend to match up and such is true for all areas of life.


People can pull us off of our vibrations and that can feel off. That’s what we notice is off.


Fear has two positions of power


The expected and the unexpected


The known and the unknown.


the goal in everything is to go from the unknown to the known, from the unexpected to the expected, 


THEN you will be much stronger, clearer and better.


What would be the process for releasing fear / beliefs? This is the key to everything, because once released, it does not think about it, and change becomes automatic.
You release the fear and replace it with something else that’s more resourceful.


So you go IF / Then = if this happens, then that happens. This is what causes the expectation. 


Deep fear removal process:


Fear is created using this model - If / Then


Time exists in the conscious mind


So our gaol is to break the link from the thing that genres fear by breaking the link of TIME.


Fear identification:


Step 1 - What do you want? Activity 
Step 2 - Why are you afraid of getting what you want? Because if there was no fear, then the change to that want would be automatic and you would have it.

* Example: Why are you afraid of making a million dollars?
* Example: Why are you afraid of _______________?


Fear creation:
THEN / IF [Judgment] THEN
THEN (that was THEN) → if that happened THEN→ THEN that happened
When? 
Example: I want to own a dog
Why are you afraid of owning a dog?
I got attacked by a dog when I was 5
Then (When I was 5) -> If I got attacked by dog -> Then I got hurt
What was different between THEN and NOW? 
* How was the world different?  
* How were YOU different?  
* How are your circumstances different?  
* How is your experience different?  
* How was your knowledge and capability different?  
* What can you do today that you couldn’t do then?  
Note: If the everything is different, then the fear can not be there. Either the fear is there or everything is different. So the more evidence / proof of DIFFERENCE we have, then the fear has no choice but to be released as it’s no longer true. We only hold on to things that we think are TRUE. 
Then you go into…
With NOW (with all that difference) → If (that happens) → THEN (what happens?)
We have to generate the DIFFERENCE in the mind between TIME POINTS in the mind to release it.
Fear is an illusion but it’s real as all things are REAL in the mind.
All if / then statements are if this happens, then that happens, and then we must do this to be safe.
So it goes
If / then / then we do this to be safe


________________


Market Assumptions 2.0
One of the biggest problems I see with offers is that people don't know what to say when they open them.


We know the end points of an offer.


But in order to have an end point, we must have a start point.


We have to start somewhere to go somewhere.


Hence, we sell to outcomes,and outcomes create expectations which generate emotions which turn into behavior, which turns into action.


Most of us here know the outcome.


My product will deliver ___________ which is the outcome.


This is very easy to determine.


Now the hard part is, talking to people in aggregate which is “a very large group of people” which is your audience and then taking them down this path to them desiring that outcome.


In between the start point and the end point is everything we talk about here and NHB+.


Such as POV, limiting beliefs, creating desire, motivational vs educational language, etc…


With the market assumption is that you assume what the problem is.


Because people do not buy in problem states, they buy in solution states.


So we must take them from the problem state to the solution state.


In the market assumptions model we don’t launch offers, we launch problems.


We don’t scale offers, we scale problems.


And from this, we can scale more effectively.


All mass market offers are all mass market problems.


Define a problem: something that gets in the way of them getting an outcome.


If that was not there, then they could get the outcome.


Example: covid vaccine is an offer to a mass market problem which is covid.


Most businesses out there wait for the problem to naturally arise.


So for example, if you goto any city, you’ll notice a lot of restaurants, because the problem of hunger arose out of the fact that it’s a physiological problem or a sociological problem.


Physiological problems are problems of the body.


Hence why many $2m+ supplement offers, only 2 $2m / month biz-op offers.


Because biz-op offers are psychological problems.


Then you have sociological problems which the solutions are things that cause conformity to social problems. Such as clothing brands, etc…


Physiological problems are primary problems, 1st hand experience. “Just look in the mirror”.


Psychological problems are mostly 2nd or 3rd hand derivative problems. If I do X, then I will be happy.


So creating this LINK of “x = happy” or “no x = no happy” = allows to create the problem in the market space.


What happens is every market has an equilibrium.


The core things in humans are survival, reproduction, safety/security / status.


What humans need to do is maintain equilibrium in order to have survival, reproduction, safety and security and status.


They will only seek to GROW these things, hence why they always respond to GAIN and POSITIVE THINGS.


If you have too much negativity in an offer, they will bounce.


I’ve seen it on ads, book a call funnels, VSLs, upsells, etc…


Putting them in a low emotional state or LOWERING their emotional state will cause them to leave.


In order to maintain this market equilibrium, they have to have a STORY that they subconsciously repeat to themselves all the time on autopilot.


No story = no safety.


If you look at religious books, if you look at children's fantasy books, if you look at biographies, if you look at anything…it’s all a story and this story allows us to keep an equilibrium of the status quo.


Interestingly enough, in this whole process we have to have an ARGUMENT FOR THE TRUTH.


Their truth is the structure that holds together reproduction, safety, status and security and survival. 


If you’re going to have the truth, you also have to have an argument for that truth.


Earth is round because telescopes, movies have shown it, books, etc…


This is an argument for the truth.


As long as this argument holds TRUE, there is no problem with that thought.


I created a counter argument.


Market assumptions 2.0 is knowing what the mass market consensus (truth) and then creating a counter argument against that and then leading that into the market, which disturbs the market equilibrium and then causes a problem out of which everyone pays attention to you, and then from there you can go through the 5 step sales process that includes, attention, education, sale, deal and close.


All response is a response to stimuli.


When we find something out of equilibrium, that cause a disruption, and then we respond to that stimuli.


If their story = their argument = their truth = their stabilizability.


When you know the argument, then you can architect the counter argument and then any move becomes easy because it’s not really a MOVE, it’s a RESPONSE to an existing move.


Now…it’s a game of direct response.


When you counter someone's move, then the only response they can make is to respond and thus once they respond to YOUR response, they have engaged with you, hence you have VSL, copy, email, ad, etc…engagement.


You’re the problem creator and solver at the same time.


Every argument has two sides.


What is a market position = an argument
What is an offer = an argument
What is sales copy = an argument


What’s an argument = difference of opinion, thought, etc…


If we had no difference, why are we here?


The argument and the counterargument.


Most people think that you’re arguing for something. When I’m reality you’re arguing against something.


This nuance is the most important thing to get with offers.


So we open FOR something, but really should be against something and then for something.


Here’s why keto is best. This is a FOR argument.


Here’s why carbs are making you fat and why just about everyone is switching to keto.


This is against something, against carbs.


If you argue FOR something, then what are you really achieving?


Because every thing has a trade off. So if you have FOR something arguments, then they have to end up arguing in their own minds against what they’re doing, and this rarely if ever happens.


Everyone has an argument for something which is their truth. If they did not they would not believe it.


For example, I said in the group…products can sell without marketing, but marketing selling bad products is a scam.


Most people are arguing for something. Not against something.


If you look at politicians, they always argue against something. At least the good ones are.


Biden won, not because of his policies, but because his argument was AGAINST TRUMP.


If you don’t approach it from this perspective, then you're arguing with ghosts.


Your whole pitch, opening, etc…is HALF potent.


To get MARKET SHARE. Your fair share of the market. You have to argue as to why you should have it.


If you think about it, on a deep deep deep level…your entire VSL, copy, upsells, etc…is nothing but a counter argument. 


For example an upsell 1, counter argues, albeit VERY subtly, that they can’t get the outcome from the front end without upsell 1.


To the degree that your upsell 1 will work is to the degree that you can counter argue the position.


There are many different counter arguments but they are always against something, they’re like a bounce off of something to another direction.


Upsell 1 is a counter argument to the front end.


Front end is a counter argument against the market.


High ticket coaching program is a counter argument against the market, your front end, your upsells and everything else.


The fundamental problem with marketing is that it only has half the potency because it’s missing the counter argument


3 step sales page


Step 0 - counter argue their truth
Step 1 - agree to the problem
Step 2 - agree to the solution
Step 3 - agree to the product


One of the best ways to counter argue, and you always have to do it very subtly otherwise they’ll become very defensive, is just to say something like this:


“Here’s why you’re not getting results”


The first step is to argue why someone else shouldn’t be doing something.


Because if it is their TRUTH, then they are by default doing SOMETHING.


And then you can go into what they should be doing instead.


Your goal is to remove support of the existing argument first then add support for your argument.


Every argument has supporting evidence.


Their argument has evidence and so does yours.


Without evidence, it can not be their truth.


You make the evidence obsolete in time, or in function.


That is how you win.


Most people only use the argument but often ignore the counter argument.


The counter argument is 75% of the battle, your argument is only 25%.


For example: making someone hungry makes it really easy to sell them food.


So knowing how to counter argue is key to great conversions.


When it comes to scaling and launching problems.


You always launch and scale a counter argument, then out of that the problem automatically manifests in their minds, and now you scale from that position.


The deeper version of this is to dismantle the counter argument and the support and evidence for it all.


Once you do that, you have now created a void and in that void you can build anything.


1. You remove their argument
2. You remove their truth
3. You create the void
4. They still want the outcome
5. But now have no way to get the outcome
6. And whatever argument you put in front of them can be the truth to get the outcome they want
7. And thus they’ll buy




The human mind has to maintain an equilibrium and thus has to maintain the truth for everything.


1. I believe this is true
2. I believe this is not true
3. But in order for me to believe it’s not true, I also have to believe that it’s true that it’s not true
4. So in the end, whichever side I pick, I have to believe that it’s true.
5. So whatever you believe is true, it has to have an argument for it
6. Thus the brain has to always fill in the blanks with TRUTH
7. This is why horror movies, suspense, etc…get us, because we are on the edge of our seats filling in the gaps non stop, that’ why we get afraid during horror movies, etc..


If you know what the truth is or the general consensus in the market place. A general consensus in the market place is a composition of the general truth.


Then we can figure out the argument for it, and thus we can remove it and then launch our own argument for whatever it is that we want.


This is why you don’t really need to do much research in a market if you know how to do this.


The basis of awareness is contrast - but contrast against what? the counter argument creates instant contrast against their truth.


Comparison -> judgment -> out of this, choice has to be made because you can’t have judgment and acceptance at the sametime


1. Where they are in their stage of life, or situation or location, what they’re doing, what happened to them, etc…You have to orient them.
2. You start off by agreeing with them. You don’t agree with what they say, think, believe. A deeper agreement is agreeing with their sensory experience, because they will believe their senses over you any time. If I see something, I believe.
3. You look at sensory experience. What they see, feel, hear, smell, taste and touch.
   1. Because their reality comes thru their senses.
   2. So if you know what their reality is, then you can go in the mind to start orienting it.
   3. This also builds rapport.
4. Then you agree with what they say, think, believe or suspect or have a hunch about.
5. You look at the outcome they want and then contrast their experience to them not getting the outcome they want.
6. Then you insert a counter argument here as to why they’re not getting the outcome, but remove the attack on ego, because ego learns thru difference, so it’s not that they’re different, it’s that the situation is different.
7. Then we go what others that were just like them are doing to get the outcome and just how easy it is.
8. Then you can just go, hi name is blah blah.


A hook in copy is really the counter argument that gets them HOOKED.


You know how you see the VSL drop off, when the drop off stops is when the hook got them hooked.


On the front end, you’re counter arguing against the market, but on the back end it’s against the market and also against yourself.


In upsells, the counter argument is for one of their limitations.


So, you could do this, if you had all the free time in the world, but as a very busy parent, you only have X hours per day, and that’s why we created Y so we can help you get in Z time.


On the front end you’re arguing against their limitations, but after that you are arguing for their limitations.


So you are creating and removing limitations.


Any limitations that are solved by skills, capabilities, limitations, experience, etc…


In written formats, you have to distinguish sections.


Every great all time scaling biz op offer was a counter argument against having a job.


Keto in itself is a counter argument against carbs.


Because marketing is change work, and you can’t change one thing to another without arguing against one thing for another.


Hence why we call it “conversions” aka CHANGE.


Conversion rate is the market change rate.


How many people are you CHANGING to your side, but before you can change people to your side, you have to change them away from theirs.


Think exchange.


You can also identify the mechanism of the problem.


If you want to learn how to counter argue, watch this guys videos:


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Hitchens


He argues against God's existence.


If you can argue that and win debates, you can win anything.


Search YouTube for “Christopher Hitchens Debate”


They’ll typically attach themselves to a limitation.


So show them that their truth has limitations.


So go the truth, and find what supports the truth, what makes it up. What evidence, what assumptions, what experience, etc…


And then figure out how it’s not true through difference.


You want to make it so that they’re not the cause of the problem.


The problem is because of something else, that way their identity is safe.


If you really think about optimizing openings or offers, a lot of what you’re optimizing is the counter argument.


Are you getting the counter argument correct?


Once you get that, everything else becomes so much easier.


As the market matures and changes…the argument for the  market weakness and new change emerges due to naturally created counter arguments.


You don't have to wait for this to happen, now that you know how to do it.