NHB+ 
The Mechanism of Will Power 


Mindset bit


How to never feel bad again 


How to remove shame, and guilt.


Any type of negative emotion should be removed.


Because what negative emotions do is they’re externalized by something.


There is something externally affecting you.


Then knowing how to remove them is key to feeling good.


When you feel good, that’s how you know you’re on the right path.


A lot of people will resort to drugs, drinking, addictions to forget things so they can remember how to feel good again.


Humans have a morality calculator in the mind, this is fair this isn’t fair, this equal this isn’t.


We all have a morality principle.


Equality principle in the brain.


Say you feel bad or guilty about something, you just have to zoom out and look at it from the perspective of what and how much did you give it, vs how much and what did it give you?


So say you have a client, and you feel bad, shamed or guilty for charging them more.


Ok, what did I give them? How much value did I give them? What did I do for them?


How much and what did they give me?


Ok…once you realize that you’ve given them more than they’ve given you, then you go form shame, guilt to anger, to doing something about it because now it’s not fair to you any more.


Will Power


Will power is one of the most important things there is.


Because the higher the desire, the lower the will power.


The higher the will power, the loser the desire.


Your ability to say NO indicates how much will power you have.


Every time you’ve cracked a diet, bought something you didn't want to buy, went further in debt, succumbed to any temptation, didn’t goto the gym, etc…


You did not have will power.

We think about saying YES to things, but actually saying NO is far more powerful.


The most powerful and important word in the English language is NO.


No generates and creates boundaries, it protests, it keeps you safe, it keeps your best interest at heart.


No I’m not going to crack on a diet.
No I’m not going to watch netflix instead of building that funnel.
No I’m not going to go hang out with friends instead of building my business.


Whenever you say YES to things that is the DESIRE aspect.


Whenever you say NO to things that is the will power aspect.


Will power is your ability to enact change in the world starting with yourself.


Because if you can’t control yourself, your mind, what can you control and affect?


What is the definition of power? Everyone wants POWER, but what is POWER?


We think of power as something that we use to PUSH others around.


Power is the ability to change something, or STOP change (will power).


What is the 1st thing that has to change in order for EVERYTHING to change for you?


Yourself, your mind, your beliefs, your subconscious, your identity, your world view, your perceptions, etc…


The 1st order of power is power over self.


How do you take away power over self from people? You make the world very materialistic and then you build up desire via the mechanism of desire which is to create LACK.


You externalize humans. Therefore, they do not feel COMPLETE, because our EGO learns thru DIFFERENCE.


The powers that be do this to us, so everywhere you turn…bits and pieces are taken from us.


“We are not enough”


So we feel worthless, helpless and hopeless.


The reason we know this is true is because how the world responds to these things.


Tate = highly worthless marketing = 300,000 young men, who feel worthless, giving him $$$.


So we can also see this in the IG algo, it targets worthless.


Google targets HELPLESS.


Facebook does helpless and worthless, but not much hopeless.


Now…Google NEWS algo targets hopeless.


We have to develop will power, because without it we can not do anything.


When I work on myself, on my own mind, I always strive to increase my will power and lower my desire.


The irony of where I am in life is that I can buy anything but I desire nothing.


How to open the depth and power of your mind.


Develop will power.


Will power means to change.


Which comes from the words “I will”


When you say “I will _____________” your ability to bring ________ into realty indicates will power as well to the NO.


I will become a millionaire


I will be ripped


I will be a great marketer


I will be a great father


I will I will I will


But what happens is…most of you don’t, despite saying “you will”.


Whenever you say You will do something but you do not do it, that trains your subconscious mind to lower your will power because it tells the subconscious mind that YOU ACTUALLY CAN’T.


Whenever we say I will do something, we must do it, no matter how big or small.


If will power is the key, what creates the key?


“I can” comes before “I will”


What happens is that all humanity is trying to boost will power.


This is one of the DEEP secrets of what they’re really buying when they buy anything from you.


They are buying the “CAN” so they can have “THE WILL”.


Why do we want to increase the power? Because it allows for transformation.


God “willed” everything into existence.


So we want some of that power.


We must CAN do something before we WILL do something


So your WILL depends on if you think or you think you CAN’T


Mantra of will power:


“I can be anything that I will to be”


I am anything I will to be - didn’t work as well, because it was missing the precursor of will which is CAN.


Repat this 10,000 a day if you can.


Then once you have that, you expand to say:


“I can have anything that I will to have”


“I can learn anything that I will to learn”


“I can ___________ that I will to ___________”


I can -> I will -> I am


Once the mantra sinks in, then the “I am” is going to be FREE to develop to anything that you wish.


The “I am” process does not work without this process.


I can do ________


I will do _________


I am _________ because I’m able and doing __________


What you will do is what you THINK and KNOW is going to happen, and that is how you create your reality.


The more upstream we go, the easier it becomes to affect the deep change.


3 states, ice, liquid, steam.


We can’t capture the steam, but we can cut the ice, we can’t cut water.


If you procrastinate you don’t have will power.


If you think you can, then will power or developing it becomes very easy.


You have willpower to get a glass of water, to go for a walk, to read a book, to watch netflix, etc…


So you all have it, we just have to develop it to a great degree.


Can you really think of a good reason why you can’t do something?


The "I can " is automatic, what Is in the way is the “I can’t”.


So if we know how to remove the “I can’t”, then the "I can” is automatic, and therefore willpower increases.


So it’s not so much to focus on what you CAN do, but rather what about it is it telling you or making you think that you CAN’T?


So we have to remove the reasons why you can’t do something.


When this is removed, what is left is the “I can”


I can be anything that I will to be
I can have anything that I will to have 
I can do anything that I will to do
I am who I will to be


What do you want to do? 
What do you want to accomplish?


The difference between the want and reality is the WILL.


“I want to” vs “I have it”


List what you want.


What’s stopping you?


What’s stopping you right now?
Finding what’s stopping us is KEY to unlocking will power.
What would you like to do if it wasn’t stopping you? 


What is it stopping you from?
Answering these questions is VERY important to unlocking will power.
This is an inverse of what is it that you want?
If it’s hard to identify what it’s stopping you FROM, it’s hard to identify what is stopping you. You have to have an outcome.
What do you want?
Answer: I want a million dollar
What’s stopping you from making a million dollars?
Answer: Having an offer
If they do not have an offer, you just ask “What’s stopping you from building an offer?”
When you hit “Nothing”, then you switch to “WHEN”
When is the initiating word in time which begins the transformation.
What’s stopping you right now? The answer is always yourself.
What you’ll realize is that if it is which is the thing that stops you is yourself, that means your own will power stops your own will power.
* What’s stopping you right now? The answer is always yourself.
* If you dig deep enough of what’s stopping you from doing that and that and that and that you find it’s yourself.
* Once you realize that the only thing stopping you from yourself is you then you can do anything
* If you want to increase your will power, you have to increase your CAN
   * So then the question becomes, what limits the CAn
   * And what limits the CAN is the Can’t
      * Which is it’s opposite
      * The only thing that limits one thing is it’s opposite
* Remove the I can’t, the can will go up and the will power will go up.
* Will power will make you more proactive in to the direction that you want to go
* Will power is the difference between thinking about something and doing something the space in between
* Whatever you think, you have to think it’s true.
* So pay attention to your thoughts because you’ll discover what you think is TRUE deep deep down.
* I can be anything that I will to be
   * It changes the position so that the will creates the CAN, instead of the Can creating the WILL
* What you have to do is have the WILL be the creator of the rest, not the rest be the creator.
* And as such you also need to get the “I AM” to be the creator of the rest instead of the rest being the creator of YOU.
* If you have two thoughts
   * One empowers
   * One limits
   * Both. must be true, otherwise they can not limit you
   * Removing the TRUTH of the thought makes the thought go away
   * What composes the TRUTH of the thought
* “I can’t do something” = TRUE, if it was not TRUE, you would not think about it or it even be possible. 
* Truth powers will power
* This is why truth vs trust is so powerful
* How do you ignore the evidence of the world and focus on the ideal world
The UnTruth — The truth change process
How do you remove the truth of the “I can’t” so it transforms into the CAN to power will power?
How do you remove the truth? You use TIME. Everything is TRUE at some point in TIME.
* In order for something to be true, there must be constants. You can’t have variables.
* Time is a variable, in which all constants live, and therefore all constants become variables with time, other than math.
* The reason being is TIME changes circumstances and conditions, and if the circumstance and conditions are different, the same thing can not be true.
* In order for truth to be CHANGED, we must change the focus of TIME.
Most people know they can’t, but if you move them in a timeline and show how circumstances and such have changed, then they will go from CAN”t to CAN.
If you are not the same person when the TRUTH was CREATED at that point in time, then how can the same truth hold TRUE? That created the LIMITATION?
It can’t
To find the I can’ts…
When you say “I can’t do xyz”, when did you create that thought? It was a much different time.

“Today is the past of the future.” 
Not WHERE did that THOUGHT come from, but WHEN Then WHERE.
* If you know what you know NOW, could you go back to say 2010 and make a killing?
   * If you know what you know now, could you go back to 1992 and build Google? Yes
   * And if you could do it ONCE back in time, then why can’t you do it again?
   * * The hierarchy of the will
   * Why can’t you do this?
      * What’s stopping you from ________
      * Once we remove what’ stopping you, then we FREE up will power to manifest
      * When you realize that you are the one that stops you, then you realize that your own will power is blocking your own will power and that is the moment you become free to release your will power.
Will is a force that produces movement.
The Mechanism of Will Power
When we were created from the God spark, some call it consciousness.
We were from this and by this essence of God / universe / whoever you believe in.
This realm is quite orderly and organized.
So the question becomes:
“How to Atoms know to come together to form elements, and how do elements know to come together to form molecules, and how do molecules know how to come together to form living things”
So something has to tell them to form into different things so reality can exist and this is the same thing that created us.
Knowing this, all purchases are made to create and generate a “transformation” or a “change”.
Why do we need to change? Because we operate on a TIMELINE.
Aside from MATH, everything on the timeline is VARIABLE.
As we go through time, everything changes, and thus we must keep up or stay ahead of the change.
So we buy products that allow us to change.
The most underdeveloped part of the human being is will power, because much of the world is external.
Learning, materialism, etc…
In order to change something, we need will power, but if we lack will power, we have to find things that can allow us to change.
Thus we can buy a “CAN”.
That is why in order to sell a CAN which is a precursor or substitute for will power, we must present and sell the “I can’t” first off.
Which is basically what I talked about in Market Assumptions is that we don't launch offers, we launch problems.
A problem is a “I can’t”, because something gets in the way of something else.
So in order to transform your audience or your customer into a higher level, a higher level human being, we are ultimately selling them a form of will power or a precursor which is the “CAN”.
Every single product is the “I can”.
We sell the “CAN” but we don’t remove the “CAN’T””
Everything we sell is “CAN” but the opposite of them buying it is CAN’T, that means we must remove the CAN’T for them to buy our product.
So we first have to put our product or our marketing in front of us, and then outline what can this do for them?
What it can do for them, SHOULD BE something THEY CAN’T DO FOR THEMSELVES. Otherwise, why would they need to buy it?
Show them why they can’t do it themselves and why they need our product.
Our product removes the can’t, which is the limitations.
In order to get them to this point, the biggest thing we need to do is drive the “CAN”T”.
You can’t ________ because…
I use this subject email the other day.
When you focus on the things they can’t do, that increase the rate of response.
The reason being is subconsciously it tells them that their will power is weakened.
If we weaken the will power, we further put them into hopeless, worthless, hel;less and also unsafe space.
Is it possible in the world
Is it possible for others
Is it possible for you?
This stack removes the “I can’t”
What increases the “I can’t” is this stack
Here is why it’s NOT possible in the world
Here is why it’s NOT possible for others
And here is why it's NOT going to be possible for you


Can’t Structure
This creates the limitations, and the can’t
	Can Structure
This removes the limitations and grows the can
	Here is why it’s NOT possible in the world
Here is why it’s NOT possible for others
And here is why it's NOT going to be possible for you
	Is it possible in the world
Is it possible for others
Is it possible for you?
	Give them examples of why it’s not possible. It ha to do with TIME, and MATH.
It used to work, when the ecosystem /and environment, world, etc…was DIFFERENT, THE MATH DOESN'T WORK.
DIET OFFER: You can’t do it because the food is different. 


	Give them examples of why it’s possible and how this TIME it’s DIFFERENT and what is DIFFERENT about it and how it works and how the math supports it.


Diet ofer: You can do it because now there is more variety of delicious low calorie foods than ever.
	To double the power of an offer, we always have to do two things.
1. Move them away form something
2. Move them towards something
Most people focus on one side of the equation, when you do both you have full power over both.
So when they have enough CAN, then their will power is increased.
So what does it take for them to buy your stuff? Think about it…
All it takes takes is for them to CLICK a button and enter CC info.
Which is is nothing more than will power.
To remove can’t…
Can’t Structure
This creates the limitations, and the can’t
	Removal of the can’t
This removes ANY reason for them NOT to do this. If you remove every single reason they can’t do something, then you automatically remove every single potential objection they have.


When you remove their ability to say NO, the only default is to say YES.
When I write copy or do marketing, I focus on removing their ability to say NO, then the CLOSE becomes VERY easy.
	Here is why it’s NOT possible in the world
Here is why it’s NOT possible for others
And here is why it's NOT going to be possible for you
	When I wrote that post on how to find niches that make 300k / year. I remove the “I can’t because I don’t know what niche to go in”.
When I did the post about clean biz ops that make 50k-300k / month. That removed the can’t.
So A LOT of my posts when I want people to join here is all about the removal of the can’t.
Once you remove the can't, you remove the resistance in the buying process.
So in your emails, copy, 7 day fast start, awareness bridge, etc…the key is to remove the can’t
If you want your upsells to crush, they also the remove the can’t.
	Give them examples of why it’s not possible. It ha to do with TIME, and MATH.
It used to work, when the ecosystem /and environment, world, etc…was DIFFERENT, THE MATH DOESN'T WORK.
DIET OFFER: You can’t do it because the food is different. 


	

	

Your audience doesn't have enough will power.
Will power to LEARN, ACT, Do, take constant action, THINK, etc…
So the more you remove them having to learn, act, do think, etc…the MORE throughput you will have.
This is why when you are selling to worthless, any type of hype with business  in a box crushes it.
Worthless has the least amount of will power, because highest desire.
Dark lord time
What you can do on a deep level is before you start “selling to them” remove their will power by the process above.
Tell them why its not possible in the world, others, or for them.
The higher the can’t, the lower the will power, the higher the desire to buy the can, which is your product.
This is how you empower your people when they buy from you or whatever.
The news is designed to lower the will power. Because the lower the will of the people, the easier they are controlled.
Why are they banning TikTok? Because they are increasing will power, because of the CAN.
News:
“Average americas can't afford a house”
“Average americans CAN’T CAN’T CAN’T CAN’T CAN’T CAN’T PAY FOR COLLEGE, BUY CARS, BUY GROCERIES”
When and where does this all start, this lowering of will power?
When we are kids, parents tell them YOU CAN’T DO THIS, YOU CAN’T DO THIS, YOUC AN’T DO THIS YOU CAN’T DO THAT
If you look at the kids before the CAN”T, you’ll notice a huge difference
Once you accept the CAN’T, you accept the rules and limitations.
The reason is so key is because consumers have all the choice in the world and thus power.
The LESS choice they have, the less power they have.
So when you focus on the can’t, you remove other options so that your options becomes the focal and only solution there is.
This how you control the sales process from front to back.
Here’s why it’s not possible to succeed at _____ without a coach
Here’s why others fail when they don’t have coach…
Here’s why you wont make it without a coach….
Wait 2 weeks…
Wanna buy my coaching?