NHB Pro




Pre-Call Stuff


Daniel aka Chief Neefe, sends me an offer, offer is doing ok, not great, needs work.


Sends me a GDoc with copy.


I say, show the offer, it’s not the copy.


Shows the offer.


One word derails the whole offer.


The word was “discover”


We have audiences that are 0-1 (not in motion).


These types need a lot of motivation, inspiration, and permission to move fwd.


Then, we have audiences that are 1-100, these are people who are moving, doing stuff, but ultimately have made the biggest decision which is that yes they can do this, yes they can get results, yes it can work for them.


There is a big big big spectrum in 1-100 


On the lower end of the spectrum, we have “learning”, yet at the higher end of the spectrum we have “do it for me”.


1-10 = learning
10-40 = templates, etc…
40-70 = do it with me
70-100 = do it for me


Dan's audience didn’t want to learn any more, they just want magic bullets, templates, spells, etc..to “beat the system”.


Learning headline: 7%


Discover A Counterintuitive System That Generates 3-5 “Paid-in-Full” Clients Every Month For Free – In Just 30 Minutes/Day By Using the Trust Process


Beat the system headline: 25%


Here’s How to Install This System Into Your Agency And Have It Generate 3-5 New Clients For You Every Month Without 
Spending Money on Ads or Posting Content


Stats:


CPC: $5.20
CTR all: 4.5%
CTR LINK: 1.92% 
Clicks: 161
Optin: 7.5% -> 25%
* Low opt-in = high curiosity, high intent, low curiosity, low intent 
* 92.5% are resistant to learning
   * Decreased it to 75%
   * And we increased curiosity and intent 
Checkout: 43%
* High intent, low curiosity 
Purchases: 7
CVR: 3.25%
Bump: 85% 
Upsell 1: 16%
AOV: $57


Opt-in leveled out to about 15%. so basically exactly DOUBLE. Baller


Checkout: 50%


So we doubled the offer.




________________




Mindset


You get what you deserve 


What you deserve is correlated to how much self worth you have 


What you get -> what you deserve -> what you think you’re worth


Your  mind has to believe something to get something, to achieve something, to manifest something, it has to believe, and in the subconscious we operate on the “absolute truth”


The reason we know that the subconscious operates on absolute truth is because it has to manage blood pressure, heart rate, nail growth, healing, repair, digestion, etc…every single process.


If there was ANY chance of anything being OFF by 0.01%, you’d die.


Are you worthy of having it?


The degree of self worth is directly correlated to how much you like yourself.


 What you get -> what you deserve -> what you think you’re worth -> how much you like yourself


So the more you like yourself, the higher your self esteem and the higher the self worth and the more you deserve, and the more you get.


How much do you like yourself?


Now, if you don’t like yourself, then you can’t love yourself.


It’s not that you dislike your whole self, but rather parts of yourself.


Now, what do you dislike about yourself? Be fully honest with yourself.


Do you dislike certain aspects of your looks?


Do you dislike what you have to do?


Do you dislike your name?


Because if you can’t be honest with yourself then how much can you really like yourself?


You’ll try to protect yourself by saying that you like everything about yourself.


Yet if you want to change something, you must not like it, otherwise why would you want to change it?


Knowing what you want to change about yourself, indirectly tells you what you don’t like about yourself.


Which tells you your self worth, what you deserve, and what you get.
If you don’t like yourself, then by default you become self destructive, because you want to destroy what you don’t like.
So you focus on fighting and conquering parts of yourself, instead of conquering the external world.
This drains massive energy, takes focus, takes attention, takes everything away from what you really want.
On some level, you want to get stuff, become someone else, so you can change what you don’t like about yourself.
So the 1st thing to change something you have to separate it from something else.
Someone once upon a time told you that there is something wrong with you, off about you, etc…
Or you saw a TV show, magazine, or something and you compared.
Then you compared your value against that, and then separated that into a part that you don’t like.
So what you’re doing is trying to change this separate part so that you can once again like it.


Who else can like me as much as I can like myself?


The answer will be,  no one.


And that is when you will begin to like yourself.


Every day, I want you to write down a number of qualities that you like about yourself.


Admire yourself
Respect yourself
Protect yourself
And you will start liking yourself more and more. 


Once you do this enough and you really like yourself then you will naturally feel that you deserve it all!


Think about it, how can you dislike yourself and then also be worthy of a million dollars?


If you dislike someone else, don’t think they would be worthy of a million dollars?


Absolutely not.


Once you like yourself, then you can love yourself.


And you know, how can you love yourself if you don’t like some parts of yourself?


When you really like yourself, then the things that you desire will desire you. 


The way the mind work is this:


1. You will experience something with either one or all senses.
2. The mind will resynthesize reality 
3. It will recreate it
4. So you are interacting with a version of reality in your mind
5. THINKING that you are interacting with the real thing


So say a $5m house is in your mind.


And you really like yourself, and you feel you deserve it.Then that house in your mind also feels that it deserves and desires you.


That creates massive attraction towards it.


Because to like yourself is to desire yourself


The primary reason you don’t like some parts yourself was because of a formed judgment.


We must unform that judgment and the way we do that is to re compare, but to re compare with intent.


When we do something with intent we are in control.


If you wish to change anything about yourself, then you don’t like that part of yourself, otherwise why would you want to change it?


On the same token, if you wish to replace anything that means you don’t like that something.


That means that you are not grateful for it, because you want to get rid of it.


Now, as the synthesis of the mind takes palace, it feels it doesn't deserve you.


If the intent is that you don’t like it then you get more of it.


Or change to change.


Worth matches worth 


It has to match to work that a frequency 


You gotta do it for sake of doing it not to change something 


One or the short cuts to liking and loving yourself is to help people and they like you, appreciate you and respect you.


Why? Because it’s all re synthesized in the mind anyway 


And guess what? When you like yourself, really like yourself…what do you do next?


You give yourself all kinds of permission.


When you like yourself, you are not self critical, and you are out of your mind.


People who are in their minds are self critical.


And when you are out of your  mind is when you are fully creative and that’s when change can happen.


One of the best ways to do it is to figure out how to write


“I love myself”
“I like myself”


Non-stop. 


Bas Example


1. You don’t like part of you that cuts people off
2. How does that part prevent other parts from getting what it wants?
   1. What do other parts want? 
      1. They want to move forward
         1. How else can you move forward other than cutting people off?
      2. They want to be efficient
         1. How else can you be efficient?
      3. They want to get to the point
         1. How else can you get to the point?
      4. They want to  maximize time value
         1. How else can you maximize value?
      5. You want to be respectful of your time and their time 
         1. How else can you be respectful of your time?
   2. What do you want for the other person?
      1. Feel at ease and on the see my point
      2. To gain understanding faster


All branding, which is MUCH of the world, can not work unless you dislike or don’t love yourself.


Direct response solves problems, branding gets you to LIKE, LOVE and SHARE.


Branding:


1. Get them to dislike something about themselves
2. Get them to have an opportunity to change it via our product
3. Once they wear our product, they will like themselves
4. Because we built association with that in the mind via branding mechanisms


Perfect Launch Sequence


You can use this on your own offers, client offers, launches, etc…


It’s a sequence of events that gets people to buy.


If you think about it, a funnel is just a sequence of events, which is a sequence of decisions.


It’s a 7-day sequence and it can go out to emails, sms, fb groups, youtube, anywhere that you can communicate with them.


The rules:


2 emails per day

Am emails = educational
Pm emails = motivational


Day 1 (Monday) — Monday: intro circumstances - agree to the circumstances


Cause for arguments
Counter arguments
Argumentative resistance


We don’t launch offers, we launch problems.


Why? Because DR offers to solve problems. If there is no problem, there is NO reason to buy the offer at all.


We must create a set of circumstances for this to exist.


Here are the circumstances that took place recently for this new problem to exit.


What creates good circumstances is some type of CHANGE.


Usually, all change is solved by solving a problem.


Weather change = global temperature problems = solution is Tesla.


What happened, what changed that’s causing this new problem?


For example:


Diet, new study shows that Keto causes heart attacks.


Biz-op, FTC going after people who use high ticket phone sales.


Tinder making it really hard to date, changed dating.


Facebook ad algo changed, making it near impossible for coaches to get clients on Facebook any more.


Day 1 emails, “Hey, here’s what’s going on”


When they are introduced to circumstances, they are pulled into a new reality where they notice a difference, and they're also noting something else.


They notice that they are not equipped to deal with what’s about to come.


Then you leave the email and say “I’ll send you something tonight,that'll show you how to blah blah blah”.


This gives them a solution and hope that it can be fixed.


This gets them “ready for problem state”


Don’t go too far into the depth of the problem, just foreshadow the doom and gloom.


Day 2 (Tuesday): The problem state (am email) - agree to the problem


Yesterday I sent you the email (talk about circumstance again), and then go into here’s what this really means and how it’ll shake out.


Use truth vs trust.


Truth has an ORIGIN, trust does not.


I have to go prepare for (doom and gloom) and I’ll let you know more tonight.


The PM email goes out and says…Sent you an email this morning, where I talked about blah blah, and it’s much worse than you think, because (more doom and gloom), but good news is we found something that’s working better than ever before.


It’s getting late, I can’t get into it now, here’s a sneak peek


(tell them)


And tell them that you’ll show them the rest in the morning once you can formulate your thoughts.


Day 3: Mechanism of solution - agree to the mechanism


There is good news waiting for them.


You know how I sent you the email Monday, and last night I showed you how blah blah.


Here’s what we did or what we’re doing to (make money off of doom and gloom)


Then you go into truth vs trust, and then you go into how you fixed the problem and made it better than ever.


How no one else has this solution, you’re the only one and you go into explaining to them what it does, how it works, etc…


On every email, ask them to reply and respond, this increases engagement.


ANYTHING they do to expand energy on your COMMAND increases compliance and engagement.


Principles and philosophy of offers


I’ll send you something else tonight where you can do this too.


This prepares them for buying the product.


Then that evening, you send an email and then tell them all the great things this thing can do. 


I’ll send you the rest tomorrow morning.


Day 4 (Thursday): Cart open


Restate problem, restate solution, restate mechanism, and then show them how this is all included in the product and how this product can solve they problem without them spending any extra energy on it.


And then tell them that this deal is only available for 3 days, to Sunday.


Include a few bonuses (objection handling bonuses)


In the evening, add more bonuses but then in the email take away the time, say how time is running for this deal.


Day 5 (Friday) - Send one email


This email talks about how many people bought, testimonials, etc…


Talk about the mechanism, show them how it works to get them the outcome.


Add more bonuses (objections), take away time.


Day 6 (Saturday) - Send two emails


Am email goes that tells them they have ONE day left, then go into the offer again.


And then here focus on selling the bonuses, and go back the the circumstances and the problem state


In the PM: Sale ends tomorrow


Just a friendly reminder, tomorrow is the last day of ____________


Day 7 (Sunday) - Send three emails


Am – circumstances


Noon - problem


Evening - mechanism / solution / product / end of the deal


Pause for 2 days


Then, change the price, a little bit, so it’s not the same deal early people got, but a good deal, see how you can add 1-3 more bonuses, and open cart because “you had so many people wanting in that were sitting on the fence, and that you gotta be fair to everyone”


3 days


Day 1 - circumstances


Day 2 - problem 


Day 3 - mechanism / solution 


After this is done, just put it into your autoresponder and loop it every month, and you’ll make $$$.


–


Other versions


1. Add them into an environment but don’t let them in 
2. Build up value for 7-14 days - create tension 
3. Make the price high but don’t let them have it - this creates desire and price elasticity 
4. Than do a $1 trial for 7 days and bonuses for 7 days and close it out for 7 days - 21 promo 5. Keep cycling new people in and you’ll add 10,000 in easy (edited)


1.        Take a timeline of X months
2.        Outline what product is going to be promoted when, one or two per week.
3.        Watch the relationship cycles call, very important. Use that.
4.        Create promos in a sequence
5.        Restart the sequence at the end of the sequence
6.        As you add more products to the catalog, expand the sequence
7.        If you can have a 24 month run, you'll be golden.