People in a high emotional state (buyers with money) know what the problem is but aren't quite sure what’s causing it[a]




This is why people in a high emotional state will continuously ask what to do next, sincethey have a problem and they know it, and they want the solution 



So, how do we get the High Emotional State (HEM) buyer to respond to the ad?


We have to:


Diagnose their problem → Solve their problem → Offer Prescription 


STEP 1: Diagnosing Problem - Gaining Trust


High emotional state buyers need one thing to move forward, which is TRUST
[b]


Now in order to gain the trust we firstly have to diagnose their problem. You have to clearly describe what they are experiencing in their environment.


So you open with a that’s a problem they’re aware of


Because when you tell them what's wrong and why something isn't working. In the buyer's mind, they think, “That’s exactly my problem”. “I can trust this person, he knows what he is talking about. They believe that you have experienced their problem before.


And once you have their trust,


Note: Rapport is key here, they have to like you and they have to trust and believe you. Because trust takes time and mistakes are costly.


STEP 2: Solve Their Problem[c]


Once you have diagnosed the problem and gained their trust, we have to solve it.


And as said before. People in a high emotional state or rather SOLUTION STATES are looking for a solution but don't know what to do next


So, what you do is tell them WHAT TO DO next but not how to do it
[d]




What’s important is that your solution has to make sense. Then the product/service will make sense.


Example: Coaches who are struggling with their dying Facebook Groups

“All you have to do for a Facebook group is make ____ type of posts, do this, etc.”


This sounds like a solution but when they try to look for details and implement it, they can't. So now they know what to do “Make ____ type of posts” but they don’t know how to do it.


This puts them back into a solution state as they are looking for the solution as to how to do it.
[e]


Larger Example:


Every time you run a webinar, you only have 15% show up?


Here’s what's going on


Here’s the solution or here’s how to fix it:


But if you want our help fixing it, [into the pitch]


We are [talk about your offer/service]


So you say problem, why the problem is happening, solution and then the product.


That is how you sell to high emotional state buyers.


STEP 3: Offer Prescription


Now that we have solved their solution of what to do, the prospect has another problem “they don’t know how to do it”


So we've put them back in a state of looking for a solution as they want to know how to do the solution to the problem we diagnosed


And now we pitch our product and how they need it.








Example: 




Every night I ask if she wants to do it, she turns her body away and says “no”. The bedroom is dead and I haven't held hands with her in years.


After witnessing thousands of men go through the same problem, I’ve realised that no matter how many times you ask, no matter how many flowers you give, the result will be the same.


And after coaching these men…


I found that the reason all of their efforts didn’t work was because she wanted someone who would step up and become the “man” of the house…


Someone who would portray the essence of confidence…


I have helped thousands of men to become the “man” of the house and reignite that spark in their relationship…


And when I mean reignite that spark I mean go from being intimate once every 2-3 months to 2-3 times a week


I mean waking up with her by your side…


And I have put it all together in a simple 1-hour mini-course.


After going through this easy-to-understand course, it becomes so much easier to initiate intimacy 


I will guide you. Start to finish. And without judgment.


So go ahead. Click the link and go from asking to being asked.


- Name






[f]










[a]Can you also make the argument that you can induce someone in a high emotional state. What I mean by that is that most people dont consider the problem might be dire. So letting them know of the consequences might be fruitful in getting them to that emotional state.
[b]Part of gaining their trust is adding testimonials of  people who have been in similar situations and how You helped them successfully
[c]Shouldn't this be "present a solution to their problem"?


I think this is a better and technical way to word it
[d]Dont you think that explaining the "how" after the "what" makes  sense?


For example




Say I want to convince someone that writing long form is the way to go


I could say




If you post long form content on twitter...It gives the impression that you are expertise since you explained every step in detail


I know the example doesn't fly high enough but I hope you know what I mean.
[e]The flow wasnt smooth. Find a way to reword it.
[f]Can this be an alternate wat of writing the sales argument?


1. Address the problem in great detail that they trust you.




2 Add a little bit of emotion appeal to get them into that high emotional state


3. Address why they haven't gotten results in the past and introduce a new mechanism


3. Introduce zero to hero journey on how you found the solution


4. Present solution and offer


5. Close