Audience:
Best Copy:




The more familiarity of the language, the higher the trust, and thus, if the ad is as how they speak, there will be a better response to it.
Now, getting that "voice" right isn't so easy, but here's an easy way to do it.


Here's how it's done:
Step 1. Take your best ad copy/ad script
Step 2. Run Chat GPT Prompt “Rewrite As (audience description + age)"
* Use either chat.openai.com/chat or Claude.AI to run the prompt




Example:
Rewrite ad as a 40-year-old white-collar dad of two:
[Best Ad ]




Match age and demographic to the audience.
You will have to clean it up, but it'll generate a better response than what you had.






Examples of working copy with personalized opening:
"As a 50-year-old professional juggling a career and family, I know how precious time is. Creating a profitable online course might seem overwhelming, but there's a simpler way." - a customer of Mini-Lessons Academy
Mini Lessons Academy is an AI-powered course creation platform with instant automation and seamless integration.
With Mini-Lessons Academy, you can finally:
➡️ Create courses in just 5 minutes without any research! 
➡️ Launch your course without struggling with graphic design.
➡️ Host your course effortlessly without technical headaches.
➡️ Monetize your course quickly and effectively. 
➡️ Enjoy more free time while generating passive income.


All of this without spending weeks on preparation and dealing with complicated setups.


🤩 Micro-Learning Academy is the PERFECT solution for:
- Busy professionals
- Entrepreneurs
- Coaches
- Educators
- Content creators
- Consultants
- Small business owners
- Freelancers


And the best part is, you can get started today for just $27.


So, if you’d like to create your profitable online course effortlessly, you can experience it today: 👉 https://minilessonsacademy.com/launch-course


But because the price will go up soon, this might be your final chance to get Mini Lessons Academy at a special offer of just $27 today.