Here's how I'm getting a 35.48% take rate on my $197 OTO 1 with one simple trick... 






Since my last post received over 180 reactions and helped many people boost their conversions…






…let me continue the CRO series in true ‘Nothing Held Back’ spirit…






The offer is biz opp and the FE is $27 with a $17 bump (which converts at 70% currently)...






OTO 1 is $197.






OTO 2 is $97. 






After watching hundreds of Microsoft Clarity sessions I noticed that very few people tend to consume the upsell copy. 






They typically scan through and scroll down to see the price at the bottom. 






My upsell pages are structured in a way that I have a video at the top and then a bunch of copy, bullets with deliverables, price, and then an 'upgrade button'.






What makes a huge difference is what content they see immediately before the price drops. 






As Alen said... people need to justify spending money and feel like they are getting a good deal. 






In our case the upsell helps them with a few things:


1. Allows them to get results faster giving them our personal rolodex and connections. 






2. It gives them sales and outreach scripts they can copy and paste. 






3. It gives them contracts and agreements. 






Now, here's how I justify them spending $200 on a few Google Docs:






Right below the bullet points  and above the 'upgrade button' I added a yellow box with a copy saying something like this (not the exact copy):


"This upgrade gives you everything you need to start closing deals today without ______ and without spending hundreds of dollars on lawyers to draft agreements for you.






We didn’t include sales scripts in the $27 offer for a simple reason: once thousands of people start using them, they will stop working. Their effectiveness comes from the fact that very few people have access to them."






Most people read this part and make a decision based on that. 






At the end of this, I added:


"Available on this page only."






Then the big red button, and money-back guarantee. 






Try this on your page and see if it increases your uptake rate. We're profitable on the front end even with $5 clicks. OTO 1 is the biggest contributor to the AOV which is $113 currently. 






Let me know below if you have any questions.






Martin "The Conversion Maestro" Suprun